Sassy materials, An automatic way to set up materials:

1. INSTALLATION

Put the contents of scripts folder in your maya scripts folder: /User/Documents/maya/2020/scripts/
SassyMaterials.py and SassyMaterialsUI.py scripts, and the entirety of the SassyMaterials_Presets folder)

Then, put the following in a custom shelf tab, with python as code.
(Open script editor, in empty python tab, paste the code, select it all, middle mouse drag it to a shelf)

import SassyMaterials
reload(SassyMaterials)
SassyMaterials.main()

Click the button and you are done!

For a visual guide, check out Install_Tutorial.png

2. WORKFLOW

A general workflow would look like this:

	-  Click "Browse root folder" and navigate to where your textures are stored.
	   When you have a folder in your "Root search folder" line, you can then either

	   -  Use the "Browse" buttons for each kind of map. It'll automatically jump to the root search folder, and if that's not set, 
	      it'll stay in the same directory as the maya file.

	   -  Use the Autosearch by choosing a naming convention from the texture names tab, pressing reset prefixes to apply it,
              selecting the maps you want to search for with the checkboxes, and then pressing "Autosearch in folder".
	      It can be a bit bothersome if there are multiple materials worth of textures in one folder.
	      That's bad practise, but, it happens. For that, use "Additional substring search" to make sure that 

	-  After all your filenames are in place, you can then name your material in the "Material name" tab,
	   Check the checkboxes of all the file nodes you want to construct, and choosing a preset for what kind of material you want to make.
	   Check out the extra options for inverting the Opacity map, and enabling UDIM settings too.

3. EXTRA DOCUMENTATION

Refer to DOCUMENTATION_MATSETUP.txt on how to make your own presets within the mat_setup.JSON file to fit whatever render engine/material you need.
Refer to DOCUMENTATION_MATPREFIX.txt on how to make your own naming convention presets for the mat_prefix.JSON file.